Robins install swift changes (#648)
apple/swift-org-website: _includes/getting-started/_installing.md

## Installing Swift

To kickstart your journey, [install Swift](/install) to begin using it on **macOS**, **Linux**, or **Windows**. 

> Tip: To test that you have Swift installed, run `swift --version` from your shell or terminal app.

> Swift comes bundled with the [Swift Package Manager (SwiftPM)]({% link documentation/package-manager/index.md %}) that manages the distribution of your Swift code. It allows easy importing of other Swift packages into your apps, making it a valuable tool for any Swift developer.

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
Swift comes bundled with the [Swift Package Manager (SwiftPM)]({% link documentation/package-manager/index.md %}) that manages the distribution of Swift code. It allows easy importing of other Swift packages into your applications and libraries, making it a valuable tool for any Swift developer.
```

Author: @0xTim - great clarification! Thanks!

> Swift comes bundled with the [Swift Package Manager (SwiftPM)]({% link documentation/package-manager/index.md %}), which manages the distribution of your Swift code and allows easy importing of other Swift packages into your apps. SwiftPM is also used for managing dependencies in Swift server-side projects, command-line tools, and Swift scripts.

Reviewer 2: Personally this seems redundant:

> SwiftPM is also used for managing dependencies in Swift server-side projects, command-line tools, and Swift scripts.

Reviewer 3: "Swift scripts" does not support SwiftPM today.

Reviewer 3: cc: @bnbarham for SwiftPM review

Author: Ack, removing Swift scripts language.

Author: removed redundancy.

Author: @shahmishal - do you have further suggestions?

Author: @shahmishal - friendly reminder to review. Thank you! :-)
